[12.0][ADD] partner_pricelist_search: New module (#1048)
OCA/partner-contact: partner_pricelist_search/README.rst

   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpartner--contact-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/partner-contact/tree/12.0/partner_pricelist_search
    :alt: OCA/partner-contact
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/partner-contact-12-0/partner-contact-12-0-partner_pricelist_search
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/134/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds search by pricelist field option in partners.

> Also add a new Smart Customers button in price list form view to show partner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also add a new smart button called "Customers" in pricelist form view to show partners
```

with that pricelist.

> With many partner records the search can be slow because all partners are

Reviewer: To ROADMAP.rst

Reviewer: And add as well that no grouping is allowed.
